docs: add info around next version, testing other projects (#19157)
cypress-io/cypress: guides/next-version.md

# Next Version

> When the Cypress CLI and binary are built in CI, their versions are determined by the script in [`/scripts/get-next-version.js`](../scripts/get-next-version.js).

Reviewer: It's worth mentioning the CLI & Binary versions are in sync/ will match.

Author: ```suggestion
When the Cypress CLI and binary are built in CI, the version number they share is determined by the script in [`/scripts/get-next-version.js`](../scripts/get-next-version.js).
```

> Next Version
> ===

Reviewer 2: why not just just headings?

```suggestion
# Next Version
```

Author: both create a `<h1>`, but sure. i was planning on adding a linter in a future PR anyways
